Correct F# assertions doc (#15295)
dotnet/docs: docs/fsharp/language-reference/assertions.md

The `assert` expression has type `bool -> unit`.

> The `assert` function resolves to <xref:System.Diagnostics.Debug.Assert*?displayProperty=nameWithType>. This means that behavior is identical to having called <xref:System.Diagnostics.Debug.Assert*?displayProperty=nameWithType> directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `assert` function resolves to <xref:System.Diagnostics.Debug.Assert%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>. This means its behavior is identical to having called <xref:System.Diagnostics.Debug.Assert%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> directly.
```
